simplify the contents of a table into a list (fixes #27241) (#27412)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/performance/animation_performance_and_frame_rate/index.md

In the context of the rendering waterfall, some properties are more expensive than others:

> - Properties that affect an element's **geometry** or **position** trigger:
> 
>   - a style recalculation
>   - a layout
>   - a repaint
> 
>   For example: {{cssxref("left")}}, {{cssxref("max-width")}}, {{cssxref("border-width")}}, {{cssxref("margin-left")}}, {{cssxref("font-size")}}
> 
> - Properties that do _not_ affect geometry or position, but are _not rendered_ in their own layer, do _not_ trigger a layout.
>   For example: {{cssxref("color")}}
> 
> - Properties that _are rendered_ in their **own layer** don't even trigger a repaint, because the update is handled in **composition**.
>   For example: {{cssxref("transform")}}, {{cssxref("opacity")}}

Reviewer: This is a good fix. What I do like about the old version is that it both states and shows what steps are done and not done. How about we mimic the style? It isn't as compact, but it is consistent.

```suggestion
- Properties that affect an element's **geometry** or **position** trigger a:

  - style recalculation
  - layout
  - repaint

  For example: {{cssxref("left")}}, {{cssxref("max-width")}}, {{cssxref("border-width")}}, {{cssxref("margin-left")}}, {{cssxref("font-size")}}

- Properties that do _not_ affect geometry or position and are _not rendered_ in their own layer, do _not_ trigger a layout. They do trigger a:

  - style recalculation
  - repaint

  For example: {{cssxref("color")}}

- Properties that _are rendered_ in their **own layer** don't even trigger a repaint, because the update is handled in **composition**. These do trigger:

  - style recalculation

  For example: {{cssxref("transform")}}, {{cssxref("opacity")}}
```
